README.md, before:

vimfiles
========

These are the plugins and the vimrc file that I'm using. Feel free to
fork it and submit a pull request if you found any bug.

Instalation
===========

    $ git clone https://github.com/rcmachado/vimfiles
    $ git submodule init
    $ git submodule update
    $ ln -s vimfiles ~/.vim
    $ ln -s vimfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc

Plugins & Themes
================

This uses the [Solarized][] color scheme, implemented by:

  * [altercation/vim-colors-solarized][]

Other plugins include:

* fugitive
* nerdtree
* nginx-syntax-highlight
* powerline
* python-mode
* vcl
* jshint
* scss-syntax
* zencoding
* [vim-markdown][]
* [nginx-syntax-highlight][]
* [python-mode][]
* [nerdtree][]
* [vcl][]
* [scss-syntax][]
* [mako][]
* [zencoding][]
* [gutter][]
* [css-pretty][]
* [emmet-vim][]
* [vim-less][]
* [puppet-syntax-vim][]
* [jasmine][]
* [fugitive][]
* [powerline][]
* [csv][]
* [parkr/vim-jekyll][]

License
-------

This project is licensed under MIT License (see LICENSE file for
details). But each plugin has its own license, so check each one to see
what you can do.

[vim-markdown]: https://github.com/plasticboy/vim-markdown
[altercation/vim-colors-solarized]: https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized
[nginx-syntax-highlight]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/nginx.vim
[python-mode]: https://github.com/klen/python-mode
[nerdtree]: https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree
[vcl]: https://github.com/smerrill/vcl-vim-plugin
[scss-syntax]: https://github.com/cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim
[mako]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/mako.vim
[zencoding]: https://github.com/mattn/zencoding-vim
[gutter]: https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter
[css-pretty]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/Css-Pretty
[emmet-vim]: https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim
[vim-less]: git@github.com:groenewege/vim-less
[puppet-syntax-vim]: git@github.com:puppetlabs/puppet-syntax-vim
[jshint2]: http://github.com/Shutnik/jshint2.vim
[jasmine]: https://github.com/claco/jasmine.vim
[fugitive]: git@github.com:tpope/vim-fugitive
[powerline]: git@github.com:Lokaltog/powerline
[csv]: https://github.com/chrisbra/csv.vim
[parkr/vim-jekyll]: https://github.com/parkr/vim-jekyll

Commit message:

Change solarized to vividchalk color scheme

README.md, after:

vimfiles
========

These are the plugins and the vimrc file that I'm using. Feel free to
fork it and submit a pull request if you found any bug.

Instalation
===========

    $ git clone https://github.com/rcmachado/vimfiles
    $ git submodule init
    $ git submodule update
    $ ln -s vimfiles ~/.vim
    $ ln -s vimfiles/vimrc ~/.vimrc

Plugins & Themes
================

This uses the Vividchalk color scheme, by Tim Pope:

* [tpope/vim-vividchalk][]

Other plugins include:

* fugitive
* nerdtree
* nginx-syntax-highlight
* powerline
* python-mode
* vcl
* jshint
* scss-syntax
* zencoding
* [vim-markdown][]
* [nginx-syntax-highlight][]
* [python-mode][]
* [nerdtree][]
* [vcl][]
* [scss-syntax][]
* [mako][]
* [zencoding][]
* [gutter][]
* [css-pretty][]
* [emmet-vim][]
* [vim-less][]
* [puppet-syntax-vim][]
* [jasmine][]
* [fugitive][]
* [powerline][]
* [csv][]
* [parkr/vim-jekyll][]

License
-------

This project is licensed under MIT License (see LICENSE file for
details). But each plugin has its own license, so check each one to see
what you can do.

[vim-markdown]: https://github.com/plasticboy/vim-markdown
[nginx-syntax-highlight]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/nginx.vim
[python-mode]: https://github.com/klen/python-mode
[nerdtree]: https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree
[vcl]: https://github.com/smerrill/vcl-vim-plugin
[scss-syntax]: https://github.com/cakebaker/scss-syntax.vim
[mako]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/mako.vim
[zencoding]: https://github.com/mattn/zencoding-vim
[gutter]: https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter
[css-pretty]: https://github.com/vim-scripts/Css-Pretty
[emmet-vim]: https://github.com/mattn/emmet-vim
[vim-less]: git@github.com:groenewege/vim-less
[puppet-syntax-vim]: git@github.com:puppetlabs/puppet-syntax-vim
[jshint2]: http://github.com/Shutnik/jshint2.vim
[jasmine]: https://github.com/claco/jasmine.vim
[fugitive]: git@github.com:tpope/vim-fugitive
[powerline]: git@github.com:Lokaltog/powerline
[csv]: https://github.com/chrisbra/csv.vim
[parkr/vim-jekyll]: https://github.com/parkr/vim-jekyll
[tpope/vim-vividchalk]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk
